Update Electron Samples (#5785)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: samples/msal-node-samples/ElectronTestApp/README.md

An Electron application built with TypeScript that uses the MSAL Node library to acquire and store access tokens to authenticate with the Microsoft Graph API. 

> > :warning: This sample doesn't follow the best practices for native application authentication using an external user agent for handling the authentication/authorization requests. To follow the best practices, please see the [Electron System Browser Sample](../ElectronSystemBrowserTestApp/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: This sample does not demonstrate the OAuth 2.0 best practices for native apps, which states that "[apps MUST use an external user-agent to perform OAuth authorization requests](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc8252)". To do so, please refer to the [ElectronSystemBrowserTestApp](../ElectronSystemBrowserTestApp/README.md) instead.
```
